Let's see,
I would say my major weakness it
that I'm a bit of a perfectionist and
workaholic.
I tend to set overly high standards for
myself and my other colleagues around me.
For example, one project in my
current position, as an IT manager,
we were required to meet a deadline for
the implementation of a new
customer relationship managing
database within a month.
And I made my team work
overtime every night and
the weekend for the whole month
until the deadline was met.
I don't think it was very popular
management at the time, but
I made sure that I gave them some time
off after that particularly tough month.
I'm trying to work to achieve my work
life balance so I've taken up yoga.
For my strengths I would say that my
strength is my analytical ability.
I'm able to identify problems and
create solutions quite effectively and
efficiently.
At my last job I supervised our
shipment and delivery department.
I analyzed the product delivery times,
and I did find areas we could cluster our
shipments according to our warehouses and
reorganize our delivery system.
This resulted in 20% improvements
in our delivery times.
I think through this experience I
was able to learn the importance
of paying attention to small details.
I'm pretty happy about my achievement.